Update documentation on custom Advancement criteria (#45)
neoforged/Documentation: docs/resources/server/advancements.md

### Custom Criteria Triggers

Custom criteria triggers can be created by creating a class which implements `SimpleCriterionTrigger<T>` for a class `T` which implements `SimpleCriterionTrigger.SimpleInstance`. Typically, the `SimpleInstance` implementor is a subclass of the class which implements `SimpleCriterionTrigger`.

### SimpleCriterionTrigger.SimpleInstance Subclass

The `SimpleCriterionTrigger.SimpleInstance` represents a single criteria defined in the `criteria` object. Trigger instances are responsible for holding the defined conditions, and returning whether the inputs match the condition.

Conditions are usually passed in through the constructor. The `SimpleCriterionTrigger.SimpleInstance` interface requires only one function, called `player()`, which returns the conditions the player must meet as an `Optional<ContextAwarePredicate>`. If the subclass is a Java record, the automatically generated `player()` method will suffice.

```java
public record ExampleTriggerInstance(Optional<ContextAwarePredicate> player, ItemPredicate item) implements SimpleCriterionTrigger.SimpleInstance {
  // extra methods here
}
```

:::note

> Typically, trigger instances have static helper methods which construct the full `Criterion<T>` object from the arguments to the instance. This allows these instances to be easily created during data generation, but are optional.

Reviewer: I would also specify they have some sort of predicate function which can be used to validate whether the condition specified has been met.

Author: That appears a bit lower as the final item

```java
public static Criterion<ExampleTriggerInstance> instance(ContextAwarePredicate player, ItemPredicate item) {

>   return EXAMPLE_TRIGGER.get().createCriterion(new ExampleTriggerInstance(Optional.of(player), item));

Reviewer: Comment mentioning `EXAMPLE_TRIGGER` is a `DeferredHolder<CriterionTrigger<?>>`

}
```
:::

> While it could be defined elsewhere, it is also typical to define a [`Codec`][codec] which can serialize this class as a constant in the class.
> A codec which can serialize this class must be defined somewhere, as it is required to implement `SimpleCriterionTrigger#codec` and is used to serialize criteria to JSON during data generation and deserialize them during loading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [codec] must be defined to serialize and deserialize the trigger instance. Vanilla typically creates this codec as a constant within the instance implementation. 
```

Making the wording more concise.

```java
public static final Codec<ExampleTriggerInstance> CODEC = RecordCodecBuilder.create(instance -> instance.group(

>   ContextAwarePredicate.CODEC.optionalFieldOf("player").forGetter(ExampleTriggerInstance::player),

Reviewer: `Optional`s for trigger instances are usually wrapped via `ExtraCodecs#strictOptionalField` instead of using `#optionalFieldOf`. This is because the latter will always be mapped as a success, regardless of if parsing fails. Meanwhile, if the former fails to parse, then an error result will be provided instead.

Author: I didn't understand the distinction myself, thanks

### SimpleCriterionTrigger

The `SimpleCriterionTrigger<T>` subclass is responsible for specifying a codec to [serialize] the trigger instance `T` and supplying a method to check trigger instances and run attached listeners on success.

> The later is done by defining a method to check all trigger instances and run the listeners if their condition is met. This method takes in the `ServerPlayer` and whatever other data defined by the matching method in the `SimpleCriterionTrigger.SimpleInstance` subclass. This method should internally call `SimpleCriterionTrigger#trigger` to properly handle checking all listeners. Most trigger instances call this method `#trigger`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latter is done by defining a method to check all trigger instances and run the listeners if their condition is met. This method takes in the `ServerPlayer` and whatever other data defined by the matching method in the `SimpleCriterionTrigger.SimpleInstance` subclass. This method should internally call `SimpleCriterionTrigger#trigger` to properly handle checking all listeners. Most trigger instances call this method `#trigger`.
```

Spelling because it's simple.

public void trigger(ServerPlayer player, ItemStack stack) {
  this.trigger(player,
    // The condition checker method within the SimpleCriterionTrigger.SimpleInstance subclass
    triggerInstance -> triggerInstance.matches(stack)
  );
}
```

Finally, instances must be registered on the `Registries.TRIGGER_TYPE` registry. Techniques for doing so can be found under [Registries][registration].

### Serialization

A [codec] must be defined to serialize and deserialize the trigger instance. Vanilla typically creates this codec as a constant within the instance implementation.

```java
// in ExampleTriggerInstance
public static final Codec<ExampleTriggerInstance> CODEC = RecordCodecBuilder.create(instance -> instance.group(
  ExtraCodecs.strictOptionalField(EntityPredicate.ADVANCEMENT_CODEC, "player").forGetter(ExampleTriggerInstance::player),
  ItemPredicate.CODEC.fieldOf("item").forGetter(ExampleTriggerInstance::item)
).apply(instance, ExampleTriggerInstance::new));
```

This is then returned by the trigger's `#codec` method.

```java
// in ExampleTrigger
@Override
public Codec<ExampleTriggerInstance> codec() {
  return ExampleTriggerInstance.CODEC;

> }

Reviewer: I think just for ease of understanding, the structure should be something like this with the comments:

```java
class ExampleTrigger<Instance> {
    codec() { Instance.CODEC; }

    class Instance {
        CODEC = ...;
    }
}
```

Author: Agreed

### SimpleCriterionTrigger

The `SimpleCriterionTrigger<T>` subclass, where `T` is the type of the trigger instance, is responsible for specifying a codec to serialize `T`s, and supplying a method to check trigger instances and run attached listeners on success.

> The codec is typically defined as a constant of the inner `SimpleCriterionTrigger.SimpleInstance` class, and simply returned by the trigger's `codec()` method.

Reviewer: Wasn't this mentioned above as well? Where the codec lives should probably be restructured in this doc.

```java
// in ExampleTrigger
@Override
public Codec<ExampleTriggerInstance> codec() {
  return ExampleTriggerInstance.CODEC;

> }

Reviewer: It would be better to combine all of the codec code blocks together.

Author: Gave that a go. It feels a bit awkward to retroactively describe things which go in both classes, but I agree it's better than the duplication

```

Finally, a method is defined to check all trigger instances and run the listeners if their condition is met. This method takes in the `ServerPlayer` and whatever other data defined by the matching method in the `SimpleCriterionTrigger.SimpleInstance` subclass. This method should internally call `SimpleCriterionTrigger#trigger` to properly handle checking all listeners. Most trigger instances call this method `#trigger`.

```java

> // This method is unique for each trigger and is as such not an override

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// This method is unique for each trigger and is as such not a method to override
```
